this is to Mia's lunchbox a 1:12 scale
classic monster van Baxter this is a
one-day build except for the paint ends
the wheel the wheel paint it was super
easy there's nothing in it very few
parts I probably say this is probably
really good for kids that feel very
comfortable giving this to my
ten-year-old and letting him build it
not much Toyota comes with most
electronics pretty pretty good
neighborhood truck you know just
something to take with you and kind of
tool around the neighborhood or when you
go for a walk to have fun with it draws
a lot of attention I've noticed a lot a
lot of older gentleman liked the look of
it the difficult part for me is that it
has a hard body and so that means if it
flips her or anything it's gonna scratch
the paint and show through the white
plastic underneath so that's a big big
problem for me especially when I like
the way it looks so much we'll see how
that goes in the future but for right
now it's pretty pretty clean I've driven
it around quite a little bit and I'm
having a lot of fun with this it has a
tub style chassis kind of like the cca1
button a little unique to itself it's
got the same TV Elio - that comes with a
lot of other - Mia vehicles I'm running
the SR 200 receiver stock 540 motor is
on the rear axle and for this one I'm
running this a box o - 5 4 mg because
the provided servo saver is 24 - 25 to
70 and they do not have one that fits a
high tech server which is my preferred
brand so this is my first experience
with sandbox it's been running good no
difference I wouldn't even notice that
it wasn't my beloved high tech so no
complaints on this particular Saavik
servo it's not loud digital servo metal
years probably more than this truck
needs and it works fine the shocks are a
little weird they're spring and piston
sort of deal the shock spring just kind
of holds it up and the piston extrudes
out into the chassis
it comes with large bump stops and the
bump stops severely prohibited to travel
not that it needs much travel but you
only got maybe less than a quarter inch
or travel when when I had the bump stops
in the way the manual suggests so I
ended up cutting the bump stops out and
done I actually put a piece up top
because the wheels were severely
cambered leaning out I've done a little
bit to kind of correct it but they were
sitting at a severe angle and research
on forums suggested a couple things up
top what I came up with is I used a
piece of the bump stop put it up there
and zip tied it around and that's
working for me it straighten the wheels
out considerably and it's pretty good
for me the wheels are painted purple I
tried to dye them black they're
originally yellow I tried to dye them
black but that went badly the the wheels
almost melted actually you can almost
see it's they're just a little out of
circle so I quickly got him out of the
dye and then the purple dye just washed
right off so then I tried a couple of
other things no good so I ended up just
cleaning them up real good and painting
them with to me a polycarbonate purple a
little bit different than the body but
um kind of still matches I was a little
skeptical while they're at while I was
painting but it turned out okay
I think they match well enough and I
like to look up the wheels are another
thing that I've seen with then with the
CCO one there is no foam in them which
doesn't seem to be a problem at this
point but actually these wheels actually
aren't even glued on they fit tight and
I actually don't see them moving or
coming off and for this truck you
probably don't need much it doesn't like
grass very much and ten spins around
when he gets gets bound up so you don't
do much with this truck other than come
to drive it down the street and have a
little fun with it there's no
transmission to it there's just one gear
that transfer the power from the motor
on down to the to the rear axle there's
one death in there and the transfer
again that's pretty much it let's Willie
bar here I haven't seen much use for it
as this truck is not willing anything oh
well not with this motor and it maybe
with the brushless setup but if you put
in brushless in there you can kiss your
body goodbye um it's got a weird rear
suspension setup it's got this front
kind of shock sort of thing going on
well these Springs I don't expect to
last very long but that's going on in
the front and then it still has your
your rear suspension that weird spring
suspension so it's got two points of
pivot in it it makes it a little I don't
know wobbly is not the right word it
just kind of bounces over everything it
just got its own kind of look to it the
body I didn't do much to it at all I
wanted to keep it kind of plain I didn't
want to put the big Vanessa stickers
across the side of it
big lunch box stickers I think it looks
good with that purple on there I did a
little flake on there so when it's
outside in the Sun and the light catches
it it it shines it's got a nice little
bright sparkle to it um when I finished
up the build actually had this purple
bungee cord kind of sitting in front of
me and I thought it what would happen if
I wrapped it around there looked all
right so I left that on there and I did
a hand painting on the body I didn't use
any stickers on the body
I think the rear of the rear taillights
no stickers I did all that
one Venessa sticker because I kind of
won the license plate I really didn't
have anything else to put there that's
about it for this lunch box build there
is nothing to this thing I had so much
fun building it I have fun driving it I
actually just got back from driving it
to the post office loved this little
truck so that's the Tamiya lunch box and
I'll be doing lots of lots of driving
this thing it's a lot of fun you should
get one